split migration docs into helm and sourcegraph 3.0 (#157)
sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph: docs/sourcegraph-3.0.migrate.md

# Migrating from Sourcegraph 2.13.x to Sourcegraph 3.x

🚨 If you have not migrated off of helm yet, please refer to [docs/helm.migrate.md](docs/helm.migrate.md) before reading the following notes for migrating to Sourcegraph 3.0.

🚨 Please upgrade your Sourcegraph instance to 2.13.x before reading the following notes for migrating to Sourcegraph 3.0. 

## Language server deployment

> Sourcegraph 3.0 dropped lsp-proxy and automatic language server deployment in favor of [Sourcegraph extensions](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/extensions). As a consequence, Sourcegraph 3.0 does not automatically run or manage language servers. If you had code intelligence enabled in 2.x, you will need to follow the instructions for each language extension and deploy them individually. Check out the [code intelligence documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/code_intelligence).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph 3.0 removed lsp-proxy and automatic language server deployment in favor of [Sourcegraph extensions](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/extensions). As a consequence, Sourcegraph 3.0 does not automatically run or manage language servers. If you had code intelligence enabled in 2.x, you will need to follow the instructions for each language extension and deploy them individually. Read the [code intelligence documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/user/code_intelligence).
```
